# 3D tracking project  :man_scientist: :brain: 
## Table of contents:
- Camera calibration
- DLC to 3D coordinates
## Camera calibration
- **detect_lego_markers_simple_rp**: Reads images from 4 cameras that include marked lego pieces. Manually click the markers in a specific manner described in CalibrationInstructuons_RP. Save the data from labeled images.
- **generate_world_coordinates_rp**: Generates real world coordinates for lego objects. The data is saved in world_coordinates_rp
- **calibrate_cameras_rp**: Calibrates the cameras and saves the data in Pcal_rp. Uses ls_triangulate.m so make sure this is in the file path.
- **extract_3D_images**: Extracts selected frames from all 4 cameras and prompts you to label the body landmarks. The data is then saved for each camera/frame.
- **reconstruct_3D_images**: Uses the data generated by extract_3D_images to plot the labelled body landmarks in 3D.
- **DLT_simple_cl**: Finds the coefficients P of camera matrix
- **CalibrationInstructions_RP** and **Readme_3Dcalibration** contain some more details
## DLC to 3D coordinates
- **ls_triangulate**: Linear triangulation which takes as input 2D coordinates for cameras and calibrated camera data and outputs 3D coordinates.
- **reconstruct_3D_images_DLC**: Reads .csv files containing DLC coordinates of body landmarks and transforms it into an appropriate structure in data_3D_raw.
- **plot_3D_pose_rp**: Plots 3D plot of landmarks from selected frames
- **coordinates_3D_to_video**: Plots full videos with the landmarks and can save them as .avi.
